# matplotlib-challenge
As a senior data analyst at Pymaceuticals, Inc., a new pharmaceutical company that specializes in anti-cancer medications and is testing potential treatments for squamous cell carcinoma (SCC), a commonly occurring form of skin cancer., I was given the task of reviewing the complete data from their most recent animal study. In this study, 249 mice who were identified with SCC tumors received treatment with a range of drug regimens. Over the course of 45 days, tumor development was observed and measured. The purpose of this study was to compare the performance of Pymaceuticals’ drug of interest, Capomulin, against the other treatment regimens.
The executive team tasked me with generating all of the tables and figures needed for the technical report of the clinical study. They have also asked me for a top-level summary of the study results.
OBSERVATIONS
From this challenge we were able to observe various interesting study results for Pymaceuticals, Inc. Pymaceuticals specializes in anti-cancer medications. Recently, it began screening for potential treatments for squamous cell carcinoma (SCC), a commonly occurring form of skin cancer. In this study, 249 mice who were identified with SCC tumors received treatment with a range of drug regimens. Over the course of 45 days, tumor development was observed and measured. The purpose of this study was to compare the performance of Pymaceuticals’ drug of interest, Capomulin, against the other treatment regimens. When analyzing the summary statistics of mean, median, variance, standard deviation, and SEM of the tumor volume for each regimen I noticed that the Mean Tumor Volume, Median Tumor Volume, Tumor Volume Variance, Tumor Volume Std.Dev, and Tumor Volume Std. Err. numbers were the smallest with mice treated with Capomulin. Another important item to note is that the study was split with 51% male mice tested and 49% female mice. The study analysis also included generating a line plot of tumor volume vs. time point for a mouse treated with Capomulin and the line plot shows that the more time a mouse was treated with Capomulin the smaller their tumor volume. Lastly, it was observed that there was a correlation between mouse weight and the average tumor volume at 0.84, which showed a positive correlation between mouse weight and average tumor volume.
